# OpenJS Foundation Security Collab Space Meeting 2023-07-24

## Links

* **Recording**: No recording; issues with zoom meeting
* **GitHub Issue**:  https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space/issues/44

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Ben Sternthal (@bensternthal)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Julian Suarez (@jasuarez90)
* Chris de Almeida (@ctcpip)
* Beth Griggs (@BethGriggs)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Steve Husak (Capital One) (@shusak)
* Matt Rutkowski (@mrutkows)

## Agenda

### Updates from @ljharb
* Jordan - Focused on OpenSSF CI best practices badge on NVM, silver is achievable for most OpenJS projects would like to get to the point where "passing" is mandatory for new, and moving to this for existing
* Jordan - Fastify, a few open questions with best practices repo. General response with fastify maintainers was enthusiastic, also worried about new workflow or new work
* Jordan - Framing as more of an audit and bringing awareness not forcing folks to do things, this helped
* Jordan - Next step is writing up document on experience, geared towards js project maintainers and try to help them get through this
* Robin - do we get the ⅓ on board who volunteered and then move with a mandate, what it the thinking on when to mandate
* Joe - mandate is strong word, some projects may not be capable
* Matt - can we promote certified projects more/use carrot etc to encourage projects
* Jordan Customizing best practices is a great follow on for this work, Robin and packaging this and ensuring folks know about it

### Discuss Other Items That Folks Can Contribute Too 
* Matt -> Is there any easy button tool chain, simple CI process that has a select group of tools that can be communaly worked on, including templated documentation? Having a recommended set of tools, that allows apples to apples comparisons would be good. “JS security tool chain”
* Matt - Tuning LF dashboard
* Matt - sigstore signing? Centralized signing tool that could be put into tool chain. If you are producing artifacts from a tool chain workflow, you will need a way to sign them.
* Chris - will there be reluctance to adopt tools written in a language different from the predominant language used on a project. Jordan - yes.
* Matt can we use best of breed and then have on the roadmap having a solution in JS
* Chris - need to be mindful of the above
* Spirited discussion ensued…
* Steve - cant rely on current tooling. Would prefer an approach where a spec is defined and tools are evaluated against that
* Darcy - we need to lead the next phase in getting consistent dependency graphs. We need to have an implementation ourselves so that we can have a say.
  
### Announcements

*Extracted from **security-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
